how are you guys here we are and today you
I bring after enough time and
enough time and almost a month without uploading
a video but good we all have
vacation and then apart it also got me
breaks the computer did not have internet and
Then, as you can see, I'm not in my
home not if it 's in my house but I'm in
my house in madrid therefore I have a
internet even worse if it can be that
the one from madrid you already know victory
let's play hotline miami and it's a
indie game that recommended me enough
times very good very fun and
also our that piss you off
they piss off because very repetitive and dies
many times die these of those that I
they like me for what
and that we're going to give the game to see
How are you
and let's go
to see everything that's tutor and I will
jump to jump so you do not see it
so what
I was paying us how many videos are you
seeing this data without going up for that reason
because he's preparing a few
videos I broke the computer not
I had wifi
more things then now I already have a
computer
we choose a character first and this is the
tony and let's start playing pim pam
pim pam
there is wind interest
I challenge you now I shit on the whore
let's see let's see what it's for
serious that this is a very game
important is something that serves us in the
lifetime
the attack of la la la la
or let him also and I take your shit and
I have your suitcase on your head and you
bust against the existing soil and
raise the rope again in all
and so much
nothing happens nothing happens
I shit on your fucking mother let's see
you understand language and terror
I am dead I give it to you dead
will love
and of course in all this your colleague is coming
you want to start growing is the
nap or I shit in milk
of milk
and I have this and I have this I blow
defeats to win
The first chapter is over all pópulo
we go home
if you want to see the story and
I learned well what it is about
you say
and I'm not going to take
It is not coña depending on how many people
want
see the story and note that only
wants to see me fuck me alive with people
fuck this thing
but he wants to see me angry he just wants
see the action
the action well the wind and you
from behind I breath your neck
in the neck he brought me the tips of
support to the right
ninja in the palm of the hand
the child the palmar
this would be cool in plan I do not know how many
deaths a punishment
decide you the punishment the most
voted will be the care without monkey every ten
times
or that 's what I call quality quality
dies murcia
if really you I will break the
clubs
two guys were not missing
fuck pussy already one two three years
single
do not
not so much
vale vale vale vale attention
tranquility and good food or not
why
shit fuck my age
lose
but
and
Y
but no
that has me data now fuck
yes yes yes
there
today
Well, these kids, I hope that I have
liked tell me what do you think about this game
if you want there to be history or whole
until I see myself in change and all those
things and then put me the comments
that you want to punish without passing each
let's say 10 deaths or every time
contacted or something like that you understand
you understood then if you understood it from
alain and that I think he liked and you
approximate
Y
s
extremes